# COMP1100 – Interview Transcript
**Interviewer:** Reino Yuris Kusumanegara (50220317)

---

## 2. Max

**Reino:** Hello, my name is Reino, and I'm studying computer science at UQ. Okay, so before we start this interview, can you just state your name and what are you studying?

**Max:** My name is Max Elliott, and I'm studying computer science at Griffith.

**Reino:** That's good. So, basically, with all of the problems that we have at UQ, it's about finding clubs, like a society for you, the best, because some people it's kind of hard to find it because they're individualistic, or maybe they just too scared about it. Okay, our application, our solution, is to make a unified event ecosystem. So basically, currently, UQ information is a mass of Instagram stories, emails, and discord messages, but they're all independently for each club. Right.

**Max:** Yeah.

**Reino:** So it's gonna be hard. The solution is, we gotta make it centralized. So every UQ Union club has a dashboard, like with deep details, like club Ninja clubs, then just post a link, they post an activity card. It's got the time, location, something like that. And this app gonna be as a discovery engine instead of students searching for club. This app's gonna push events to the students based on their interest and also gap hours in their timetable. So basically it's auto suggestion. And then the second feature that we have is, like, skill match. So basically, this solves the, I have no one to go with. I'm not good enough. Like, if I want to go to basketball or maybe tennis session, but I'm too scared because I'm not gonna find someone who's on the same level. So this feature is gonna be, any student can host or join any activity. And we, as a student, we can enjoy the event within a tier, like maybe he's a freshman or maybe he just wants to look like a fun game. He doesn't want to compete. So that's gonna be much more good. So by matching people on the same level, we're gonna remove the embarrassment of being the worst player in the room, basically. And lastly, it's a one on one consultation hub. So this bridges for students who are stuck or too shy to even join social, or maybe, going to UQ Market Day. Right.

**Max:** Yeah.

**Reino:** And the feature is like a direct booking system, one on one chats with the student leaders, or maybe the UQ Union representatives. And let's say, if a student say that, I'm a first year student, I'm lonely. I want to get into this club and I'm trying to build my career. Can you help me? Something like that. You can just do it by one on one. Okay, so the question is, would the solution be less intimidating to use compared to the current online or in-person signup for clubs?

**Max:** Well, from how you've described it, I feel it would definitely improve trying to join clubs and finding your own people, because it's all online, there's not that face-to-face fear or intimidation. It would definitely help a lot of people who are quite afraid of speaking to people face to face. So, yeah, definitely, in that sense.

**Reino:** Okay. Thank you. What type of the filtering option will be more accessible when you're finding a relevant club for interest? Let's say maybe a search bar or tabs or list.

**Max:** I feel like some options to choose between like sports, games, like board games, video games, like basically trying to filter out the results from every club to just those that you're interested in.

**Reino:** And I have a follow-up question, so can you just tell me example of an app that you'll like the layout of things?

**Max:** Um, well, a good app like this is something like property apps, where you can search for different types of accommodation, like how many bedrooms, bathrooms, the space required. So if you could bring features like that, like, limit the amount of people in a club or search for, like, let's say I wanted to join the basketball club. If you could filter it down to sports, and then like indoor sports to kind of narrow down those results. I feel like that would certainly help finding exactly what you want.

**Reino:** Oh, yeah, that's good, that's good. Thank you for the feedback. Okay, are there any extra features that you want to add to this application that it's gonna aid your experience?

**Max:** Um... The best feature that I could think of would probably be something like a chat book.

**Reino:** Oh, yeah, like a chat room.

**Max:** Yeah, yeah. Um, like with the one-on-one consultation with the members or the UQ representatives, yeah. Something so that you don't have to find a common ground to talk. Keeping it just on the app would certainly help.

**Reino:** Oh, yeah. How would you use the chat function, help you connect with other groups and societies?

**Max:** The way that I use it is, again, back to the basketball example. The group one, anyone in the club could offer to, like, host a game, and then anyone that's interested could come and join.

**Reino:** Yeah, true.

**Max:** So I feel like that certainly helps with me. Even before the game came in, right?

**Reino:** Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's like planning.

**Max:** Yeah.

**Reino:** Nice, nice. Okay. Would you say one on one meetings with ambassadors, or society leaders, help you connect with the clubs and their values activities?

**Max:** Yeah, absolutely. So, the meetings with the ambassadors and the society leaders would help get that clarity on questions you've got that other members of that club may not be able to answer.

**Reino:** Okay. I think that's it for me. Thank you for your feedback and answers. Gracias.

**Max:** Thank you so much.

---
