# COMP1100 – Interview Transcript
**Interviewer:** Reino Yuris Kusumanegara (50220317)

---

## 1. Person 1

**Reino:** Hello, good afternoon. My name is Renu, and I'm a student at Pleasure of Computer Science. Okay, let's start an interview by saying your name.

**Person 1:** Okay, so my name is Person 1.

**Reino:** And what bachelor are you came from?

**Person 1:** I'm from, oh, you mean by major? I'm majoring in law.

**Reino:** Okay. Okay, first question. So, what do you think about UQ app that helps students to structurize the clubs? Do you ever talk about that? Like the clubs on YouTube clubs.

**Person 1:** Yeah. Yeah, I think, like, I think it will be useful because, like, usually, like connecting between clubs or, like, people that want...

**Reino:** Yeah, exactly like that. I mean, do you have encountered an app like that at UQ?

**Person 1:** Uh, no, I think not. I only encountered like a list, what clubs that is available on UQ. And yeah, I have not find any app data.

**Reino:** Oops, sure, sure. Okay, yeah. And I have a solution. Me and my team have solution about that. So we have the project called UQ Connect. So what basically it does is it has like unified event ecosystem. What this does is basically, currently, UQ information is like a mass of Instagram stories, emails, and also discord, right? They structurized everything, but from each club only. That's why it's so hard to get in contact, right? So, the solution is we make a centralized application that every UQ club has a dashboard on its own. But it's like a whole big app. Like, think about, they post on activity cards, these cards will include the time, the location, also like the description of the event. But you can just see it like in one big screen. This app acts gonna be as like a discovery engine, instead of searching for a club. The app gonna push events to students that based on your interests, of course. And the gap hours in your timetables. So it's got auto suggestion, the clubs for you. And also, we have a features that call skill match, social arm. So basically, this solves, have you have a feeling that I have no one to go with and I'm not enough, if I'm going to this club?

**Kenny:** Yeah, sometimes like, I feel, like maybe some people are interested in some clubs, but they don't have the cards yet to go through clubs because they don't know anyone. And there's some people are like great enough and they want to talk with anyone. And some might need some push, like maybe some friends, something like that.

**Reino:** Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the solution that we offered, we have the skill match. This club is gonna have like a social session for helping you to get to know each other. But instead of like, you're gonna push random social, you're gonna make a social, depends on what you want. For example, if you want to play like basketball, but too scared to join like a social basketball because you're gonna find, oh, there's so many pro people here. I don't want to compete with them. So this app has a feature that's gonna make a tier. So basically you can join any social session, but with the level that you are right now. So that thing is by meeting people at the same level, we will remove the embarrassment of being the worst at the room, but also, again, social activities together. And lastly, we have the solution about a feature called one-on-one. This is to bridge students who are stuck or maybe too shy to even join any session or any club. So this is like, the feature is a direct booking system with one on one chats with the student leaders or one of the UQ representatives. So if a student say that I want to book like maybe 15 minute coffee chat with UQ computer science or maybe UQCS. But they too scared, but they can just with using this feature, basically. Okay, that's like the idea of our solution. I have questions, like several questions. Would this solution be less intimidating to use compared to the current online or in-person signup for clubs?

**Person 1:** Mm, I think it'll be less intimidating because it gives us, I don't know, online choices. And like, if people need some push, it will definitely give them some push, for the, there are nothing brave enough to come up to the club that they want to join.

**Reino:** Okay, second question. What type of the filtering option will be more accessible to you when finding a relevant club for your interest or degree, like the search bar or maybe tabs or list?

**Person 1:** Uh, yeah, search bar will be good, and maybe a filter will be nice, like filtering, like, maybe like sports clubs, sports club, or like tech related club. That'll be nice.

**Reino:** Yeah. Good. Nice. Thank you. Are there any extra features that you want to add to this application to aid your experience?

**Person 1:** Mm. Uh, I think for now I don't have any idea what feature that I would want to add.

**Reino:** Okay. How would the use of the chat function help you connect with the other groups and societies? Will be useful, though?

**Kenny:** Yeah, I think it'll be useful because sometimes we cannot find the contact of maybe like the member of the club or like leader of the club, and by having a chat, maybe the people that are interested in the club can, like, get the contact of the club members.

**Reino:** Nice. Okay, lastly, would one on one meetings with an ambassador or maybe societal leaders, help you connect with clubs and their values activities, or you just prefer, just join a random session?

**Kenny:** I think one-on-one would be nice for people that are not brave enough and people that need some pushes. And, I mean, random session would be also good. Like, if it will be for like a group, group hangout thing, maybe?

**Reino:** Yeah. Okay. I think that's what it's from you. Thank you for your feedback and answers.

**Kenny:** Thank you.

---
